error while running security import myPrivateKey.p12
how to run appium parallel in ios native app testng in saucelabs
how to upgrade appium from 1.5.3 to 1.6.3 on ios 10.2.1
error while loading shared libraries: libstdc++.so.6: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
can't start WDA on android appium webdriver
how to handle multiple WebDriverWait instances in a single session
is there any robust way to identify elements of left menu using appium inspector?
how to set apk path in Ubuntu for android testing
failed to install my app using Xcode 9.4.1 and Appium Desktop 1.8.1 with ios
how to enable devleoper option in iphone?
how to parse json responses using rest assured JsonPath
can you please tell me the code for swipe down?
how to use swipe in java client 6.0 beta android driver?
how to solve this issue about hiding keyboard is fail in IOS
how to set appium configuration through code line
how to initiate inspector on mac os in appium
connection timeout issue while running test scripts
chrome driver error when try to run a web test
how to switch the keyboards for example numeric keyboard instead of alphanumberic keyboard
issue regarding auto select text in the text box
way to pass name value dynamically to a locator
how to use IOSElement and iOSFindsBy using java
the app can not opening where the record code is find_element_by_xpath 
the PopupWindow is not visible in native android app
how to run native app for selenium webdriver java in ios
touching action and pinching out/pinch in are not working in my app using java-client-4.1.2.jar and Appium v1.6.5
WebAgentRunner issues when trying to automate iOS application using appium
reset content on the simulator but fails to work
error run appium server in background from mac terminal
why context name is showing error? 
is it possible to run multiple tests on multiple real IOS devices? 
how to switch switch to message inbox from my app, read an OTP from there and switch back again to my application
how to inspect elements without clearing app data on appium desktop?
use gradle in UIAutomator to report of the Testng through email
appium script not working on letv ( android version 5.0.1 )
is it possible to write a javascript appium test from the command line?
how to load an image to the imageView in an android application?
error when use driver.input_text(locator, text)
how can i get appium console after installing node js
is there something wrong about avdLaunchTimeout and avdReadyTimeout?
how to find driver.setNetworkConnection() in java
how can i get appium to launch SafariLauncher on my iphone?
ios script run fail in appium 1.7.1, xcode 9.1
learn about android automation for android
error while running TestNg from terminal using linux
possibility tests are dependent on nodejs in appium?
discrepancy in xpath for same element in ios 8.4 and 9.1
does electron.js work with macos 1.6?
where to join a java group for appium developers?
scroll up not working using verticalScroll
weird issue from Xcode with appium version 1.6.5
how to run my tests on iPhones and why the application settings are greyed out at the appium gui?
reset the app every time a new scenario in android mobile automation
is there a way to get the webview context when using set_webview in code?
code signing is required for product type 'UI Testing Bundle' in SDK 'ios 10.2'
ios app runs from within xcode but fails to run with appium
what's the best way to run parellel execution in selenium grid
emulate camera previews for blackbox testing
the difference between webview and native with the new appium for desktop inspector
uiautomation failed to launch multiple sims when running in parallel threads
unable to download and install appium in ubuntu 16.04
which appium server version will be best for the future
launching the app is failing with 404 error
noReset flat is not working for appium version 1.2.0-beta.1(1.2.0-beta.1) in ios 10
scroll to the particualr element in appioum
can not find appium repository root on mac
unable to execute browser.execute('mobile: scroll', {direction:'down'})
where does Appium Desktop save the WebDriverAgent project
ios_webkit_debug_proxy is not so easy like android
documentation to setup appium on mac
what are the dependencies you added in pom.xml
how to get Resource id and xpath for UIAutomatorvIE
error while installing setting-apk_debug.apk file in appium
are selenium 3.2, testng 6.8 and java client 4.1.2 compatible?
appium java client version is 2.2.0 and appium java client version is 1.4.1
how to setup appium grid with selenium gird
are you able to click through other active buttons on the pop-up?
can't start appium via node in CI server with Circle CI
how to attach to an existing ruby session using appium_lib?
how to check if an element is visible on ios?
how to write automatic tests for mobile browsers with webdriverIO and selenium
how to setup capabilities in appium for iOS app's native popup
when is select element that contain image and text but unable to select text in appium inspector
does Appium support Xcode12 latest for Catalina os version 10.15£¿
how to execute adb command from terminal in eclipse?
what is the difference between a hybrid app and a webview?
how to use 'browser.execute('mobile:scroll',{'direction':'down'})' to work
how to set mobilecapabilitytype.appium_version in ruby?
upgrading to the latest xcode Version will work with your Device
take screenshots on a failed test using node?
test websites through different browsers using appium and webdriverio
could not install app on iOS 10.3+ devices (works perfect on iOS 10.0 )
start appium with window machine
cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory while loading shared
how to capture ios device model during runtime?
an unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command  driver.execute
is it possible to do regex like pattern matching with alert api for iOS?
run mobile automation scripts in remote machine using appium-server
swipe appium 1.6.3 deprecated need to use TouchActions
appium not locating the same element as given as search parameter
Appium changed the swipes because all moveTo operations in touch actions now take coordinates as absolute
write a test that works on both android and ios
what npm packages or frameworks that track network traffic from native mobile apps?
handle browser notifications using capability
an unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command  
is there a windows version of the appium app capable of inspecting elements?
why context name is showing error? 
perform a click action on the content-desc after quitting appium
can't reinstallellar node 8.1.3 with brew link
is there any dialogue pop up on android device?
session was recognized only for the LAST test case 
is it possible to install ur app using ideviceinstaller on real device
how to connect appium server to an android device with .apk
ios issues with element state (.isvisible .isenabled .isdisplayed) ect
problem ios app runs from within xcode but fails to run with appium
UiAutomator is the locator strategy would be best for appium?
how to add  "android:exported="true""using facebook messenger app in android
java.lang.IncompatibleClassChangeError while using driver.sw in eclipse
why the submodule appium-instruments is old version?
unable to find webview on ios 10 with appium 1.6 embedded in native
way to reset app state after each test run on physical mobile devices
getting an error when trying to start a new session using appium desktop
still stuck after WebDriverAgent app test completed, Error Code : 65 
get adb logs when running tests in appium?
can selenium grid be used with appium?
java-version exited with code 20 but this command output without appium
update android sdk n build tools using mac
can i use Maven for ios  mobile application?
appium doesn't support the latest OS version
appium freezes right after starting chrome on ios and android real simulator device automation
how to start appium on simulator with xcode 6.1 for ios 8
how to get the element on uiautomatorviewer on android appium 1.5.4
is it possible to run selenium webdriver test cases using appium in ios ?
resetapp works on android but not on ios
is there a way testing native app on ios with wdio?
how to write automatic tests for mobile browsers with webdriverIO and selenium
can i launch adb command via appium?
appium not catching clicks when running through terminal (Ubuntu)
how to turn off wifi via adb in appium for android?
device not configured error after appium install on mac os
does appium support webview? and does appium support android?
appium.app and appium.exe are outdated and not maintained by core appium team
UIAutomator Viewer not working on ubuntu 18
how to create a breakpoint for a field that is hidden when the keyboard is present
how to create multiple stepdefs.java for different architecture
appium server is not responding
how to scroll to particular element using selenum webdriver with apium
what is the best method for showing notifications pull down for iOS?
:point_up: is not working with Xcode 10 and old appium version
how to verify the options available on the screen when a video is playing in appium
problem about not launching due to appium server being down
couldn't run any of appium examples and kept getting error
how to get placeholder text in textbox in appium 1.6.3?
is it possible to run selenium webdriver test cases using appium in ios?
how to use appium for ios profiling?
why is appium slow on real android device but working fine on emulator?
error occured only with one application : chromedriver 2.30 - 2.35
getting not emplemented exception 
appium-android-simulator on android do not stop on reset
how to automate tooltips/toast messages in android by using appium
annotation not working for scripts on ios
failed to start an appium session, error was: Instruments crashed on startup
how to perform a screenshot in Extent Report-Avenstack 3.1.5
swipe function is not wrapper function from touchActions
is there a way to test push notifications with ios appium?
play wave file in 'after the duration' and 'after the duration '
appium: mobile:touchAndHold not available for ipa files
is there a good way to scroll on iOS/Android?
unable to run safari test on apple phone ( appium 1.6.3 )
is there a idea about the desired capabilities for Android in Saucelab?
lot of npm installations do need to be admin
is swipe still broken in UIAutomation?
is there a code sample or link which would help me do to image comparision or clicking in IOS for real device?
it's possible to send shift and left or right arrow keys with ios simulators?
why the hard condition on set use a different data structure?
how to setup appium on linux machine?
unable to scroll in android app with appium in v1.8.1
can not start 'com.company.firetv.activity.MainActivity'
how to install ipa on the real device?
appium crashes on startup when switching from *.app to *.ipa file same application Appium
how to tell Appium on AWS device farm that there is a waitActivity
appium gui settings are greyed out, how to set it up?
how to handle dates in datepicker using selenium web driver?
send keys is calling the method tempting to clear using UiObject.clearText()
can we automate mobile device via appium? ( 1.10 ) scrolling command
java.util.zip.ZipException: Failed to start an Appium session when running from  jenkins
ios error 65 when using appium gui
scroll not implemented with selenium3 on python and android
how to use backspace from sendkeys?
how to install appium studio in ubuntu?
is it possible to automate non owner application in appium?
an unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command with ios setup
i am facing configuration error when i am running my testNG script from terminal in eclipse
how to generate HTML test report for python script
how to hide keyboard using hidekeyboard() method on ios automation?
default keyboard doesn't work in webview
how to emulate camera previews on blackbox testing?
why appium is so slow on my real android device but on emulators its just working fine
npm ERR! npm v3.10.8
Unable to Launch Appium Inspector
how to slide android seeker?
how to verify that google maps/apple map has been loaded on physical device?
how to run multiple test cases sequentially in 2 devices using gradle?
have a "not compatible with your device" message when install the play services
how do you normally access the deeplinks?
could not pre-launch appium: Error : Permission to start activity denied
got response with status 200 
sceanrio touch action not working with mvn clean test command
is it possible to create an.app file for simulators?
unable to access iframe with.frame() and getting error
how to start appium on simulator using xcode 6.1 for ios 8
error with ios webkit debug proxy - 'console.enable' and have no handle,doing nothing
appium doesn't auto-install carthage for ios 10
how to skip an element which is not present on app screen?
errorhandler class was updated in selenium 4 months back
nullpointerException when trying to invoke virtual method 'java.lang.String android.content.Context.getPackageName()'
how to get list of elements from tableview on ios or android?
appium.log locator might have some issue to use proper locator
sendKeys on android doesn't select the whole word
getting error message "If you look at the response code it says 404" when use driver.scrollToExact(text)
is there a way to look for an element that contains something?
how to upload excel file in selenium?
a new session could not be created
unable to compile appium maven project
is there a way to open the app integrated with Office365 login web page automatically in appium?
Is appium/python-client missing driver.getPageSource() ?
is there a way to run an inspector to run as a 1.6.0 service?
appium script is running in LANDSCAPE mode but Video is capturing in PORTRAIT mode
is it possible to automate non owner application with appium?
which appium server version will be best for the future?
does electron.js work with macos 1.6?
get issue on gui when executing the code
add signature to idevice_id but device is not added to provisioning profile
latests selenium\java and appium 5.0.4 unlocking works very bad
appium is giving up after few tries with appActivity and appWaitActivity
can't upgrade webdriverio appium to latest version
problem about using appium 1.6.3 on macOS v10.12 (sierra ) with simulator
unable to run webdriver from appium
unable to select UI elements through app overview on the right side of the inspector
webdriver io is a combination of selenium and appium
how to inspect the Photo gallery UI elements on iOS 11
how to check if certain string/text appears on screen/page or not in appium
how to uninstall and re-install app after a test
how to run web tests on android on default browser using appium?
how to use findElOrEls in webview by appium-android-drive
running appium tests as parallel on different physical devices ( android and ios )
is there a more complex example project for Appium on Ruby with RSpec or Cucumber?
how to test apk in uiautomator without source code?
appium shouldn't close the session unless an exception occurred or test finished
how can i get the same driver for ios automation using Selenium
is there any other way to inspect elements on ios devices?
how to skip dvertisements on appium with android avd
 how to  switch to the UIWebview
get unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command in ios
unable to use send keys() to select the value in UIAickerwheel
how to apply wildcard search in appium
is there a way to resign a downloaded app downloaded from app store?
how to handle scroll actions using appium and webdriver on android/ios
device not configured '' error after installing appium on mac os
how to scroll to the particualr element in appioum
error while moving pom.xml under Jenkin workspace on ios
has anyone ever stumbled on appium showing IDs as squares?
unable to set location in any app like google map or uber cab etc.
unable to access accessibilityLabel element in jest test runner
how to scroll/swipe on iOS with Python
error on android ( no such file or directory) when running appium
what is the difference between full reset and no reset in appium?
how to interact with iframe in webview on android using selendroid automation
appium java client getting error
is there a way to mock the camera to test barcodes?
is there any scroll option for appium 1.5 available other than scrollto and scrolltoExact
how to get current context on context switch?
the adb shell commands (from within appium code) time out while using appium 5.0.0-BETA8 and npm-appium 1.6.4
uiautomator2 scroll function is not working using java_client in android
how to identify element in ios appium?
issues using "Tap by Coordinates" in Image Gallery on ios 11
is there a list of all 'good' frameworks out there?
error while running tests on jenkins server with app-automation-ios with Appium 1.10.0 and WebDriver.io
how to click and find on element that only has class = android.widget.ImageView index = 1
get error code signing is required for product type 'UI Testing Bundle'in SD while running the command
how to see iOS 9.3.1 in platform version?
unable to select image from gallery using appium 1.6.3
webdriver.io failing some tests when trying to run all the scripts together
what is the location of the iOS Simulator app?
how to use alphnumeric keyboard in text field?
how to scroll a dropdown list in android mobile applications
what is the framework setup for CI and testing?
how to best find elements in ios
appium inspector is not working on ios simulator
how "url" parameter in json node config should work
how to do appium script for SIM card provisioning in android or ios device
can not swipe on ios simulator using appium driver 
is it possible to switch context (Native to web or vice versa) on same device
how to execute appium scripts to cloud level device execution on mac?
is there a way to get parent elements in appium?
can not start appium when using selendroid mode
change automation name to UIAutomator2 for android 7.0 devices
appium could not start http interface listener. the requested port may already be in use
error for appium - invalid argument : cannot parse capability
is it possible to start two sessions in desktop?
appium 1.5 does not support name locator - need to remove all name locator from repository
appium inspector crash on windows and osx while trying to inspect
org.openqa.selenium.WebDriverException: an unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command
webdriver doesn't have a way to drag a slider
unable to install ios-deploy using appium
how to locate angular elements under hybrid appium using uiautoamtor
how to delete a specific file from 'Download' folder in android device?
appium uiatomation should work only for selendroid mode
how to configure ios app for appium testing
is anyone use appium on circleci?
how to interact with iframe in webview on android using selendroid automation on 4.4
where did you find 1.6.0 Appium GUI app?
how to get iOSPredicate for UIAApplication
how to install version 1.9.0 or 1.9.1 for macos appium
is it possible li.last funcition is work without scrooling?
how to find if element is focused on ios
how to verify the options available on screen when a video is playing in appium?
what's the current canonical way to automate a Spinner?
Error: Main method not found in class tests.AppiumTest,please define the main method as: public static void main(String)
when using send keys it is calling the method tempting to clear using UiObject.clearText
how to assign webkitDebugProxyPort from localhost:9221 to app
is it possible to launch a website in Safari browser using Appium 1.6.3?
how to verify that a cell was clicked in the search bar when using a trending
what is the best way to get network calls for ios app?
is it possible to automate tests using APPIUM in a hybrid app?
is it possible to run parallel execution using appium for android devices using selenium grid
appium 1.7.1 shows *parser error* when inspecting android mobile elements
is there a list of all "good" frameworks? 
error: could not find or load main class com.android.UiAutomatorViewer
can i use value parameter to type in full name in edit field?
is there any robust way to identify elements of left menu using appium inspector on ios?
is there a way to connect to the appium server with a webdriver client?
issues with appium-Desktop xcode build failure
issue with appium comvereted *.apk file to tmp and installation got failed when using appium java client and appium
is there a way to run appium tests headless on NATIVE iOS apps
how to generate ipa, iphone simulator support?
is there any robust way to identify elements of left menu using appium inspector in ios app?
launching safari launcher app always opens google.com instead of test case URL when clicking on "Launch Safari"
how to use the appium inspector in ios and android?
name strategy doesn't work on ios ( 1.6.3 )
appium 1.6.3 don't have inspector
how to run appium test on ios13 real device?
how to handle toast message in android
how to scroll using appium on real android device 
should upgrade from appium 1.4.13 to 1.5 or 1.6 beta?
is it possible to use appium for mac desktop application testing?
is there any way to automate iOS app on windows platform without MAC machine?
error in the middle of my test run on Android - "Error: A session is either terminated or not started"
how to use appium with python in ios testing?
is there a working example of double tapping or double clicking an element?
is there any way by which the Appium server and the mobile devices can be connected to each
how to click on back button using appium in Android
how to find elements in hybrid web page view in android?
is it possible to inspect webview pages using appium-java-client 4.0.0?
could not read Username when installing carthage
how to down keypad in android device
how can i install both the apps while running automation using appium release?
how to automate sign-in web view in native app?
can we run ios testing without instruments?
how to set accessibilitylabels on 1.5.2?
appium inspector is not launched on iOS
how to lunch an app from recent apps list in android with python?
how to run test through command line for appium android?
need to open the iOS instrumentation and xcode before executing the scripts
is there a good way to use pages with steps in cucumber appium?
is it a bug when i check the contexts of the driver on Python client, it always give me native on ios
how to attach to an existing appium session using Python
how to test appium on android 7 And ios 10 devices?
a click event failing (actually not doing anything and finishing with timeout)
is there a way to screenshot websites on iPhone/iPad inside Safari Mobile?
how to inspect webview elements with ios10 + appium 1.6?
how to click on element that only has class = android.widget.ImageView index = 1 for android
ios webview - unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command
how to execute this scenario using Appium 
why appium does not update to latest version when i click on check for update?
how to scroll using appium on real android device
issue: a new session could not be created. (Original error)
how to remove or dismiss the keyboard from the screen using web driver?
web response is not comming when doing manual testing on ios real device using appium
why the submodule appium-instruments is older version?
how to use lazy search and control flow with appium 5.0.4 and selenium 3.7.1
iOS alert: Already tried basic things like, switchTo().alert().accept()
can we automate iOS applications without debugging/signing iPad file using Appium
get error "org.openqa.selenium.sessionNotCreatedException" while starting multiple test
how to get text contents from a screen in android appium 1.4.13.1
how to get absolute coordinates based on user touch in appium 1.4.0?
how to select multilist box in ios app select class 
how to setup webdriveragent on cloud like sauce labs
get "java.lang.NullPointerException" in mac - 10.13.2,appium - 1.7.1,Xcode - 9.1
what is the difference between peer 2 peer testing and visual testing?
can you get the current context and print it? 
get configuration error when i am running my testNG script in eclipse
when to use return driver and when not to use return driver in appium ios
connection refused error when trying to run appium programatically
is it possible to verify data from a json file on android?
how to run find_element_by_xpath on android simulator
tap on coordinates not working on appium 1.2.3 desktop with xcode 9
issue with this element does not have the 'bounds'
Failed to start an appium session, err was: Instruments crashed on startup
how to write a test that works on both android and ios?
when will Appium support Xcode 8.2? 
how to use UI inspector for iOS in appium 1.6
how to setup appium-android-driver/appium-ios-driver (nodejs) to work with sauce labs?
404 error throwing with inspector
appium desktop popup a message error when start session use appium
is any editing android plate form here to begin with?
junit runner class is supported in aws device farm appium
how to concise promiseChainRemote with mocha?
is it possible to run automation scripts with signed apk?
appium maven dependency - error on driver creation after upgrading to 1.11.0
how to populate textbox with software keyboard after upgrading to appium 1.4.8 on mac
appium inspector throws error: An unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command
what is the difference between appium and appium-desktop?
how to download selenium grid hub with iosRemoteProxy for ios
how are you interacting with alerts via javascript with your framework£¿ 
It is better to run appium on Typecript than Javacript.
explicit wait in java
how the new feature "support for searching elements by id without passing package name" work exactly use java cilent btw?
could not proxy remote command error when running appium 1.9.1
how to selectively choose not to reset an app? 
error  please enter value in the text field as if the value not inserted but visually the value present in the field
an unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command  driver.execute
how to set up appium for windows (Android)?
how to choose time in appium ios?
there's no accessibility label  but content-desc and resource-id in Android
appium 1.5.3 not able to start inspector 
how to run appium programmatically and call the json file?
see under `iOS Only`, `udid`  is only ios capability.
does python bindings for appium has functionality of scrollTo element?
how to swipe scroll using appium?
is there a list of all 'good'frameworks available?
how to use pageobjects in dicusss for testing on ios in Appium: 1.3.5 and Java-Client 2.1.0?
does appium 1.3.6 support on mac osx 10.7.5?
How to add a  NavBarBackButton to the app?
how to generate.app file out of code base?
how to use inspect element for ios application like appium desktop?
how can i handle picker wheel in iso calendar?
how to run multiple tests using appium without start new session in appium server?
what are the elements on the page? 
how to make this .ipa file ready for iOS Automation via Appium? 
why findElementsByAndroidUIAutomator can only get the first RelativeLayout?
Is WDA installed on device? it is a connection timeout issue.
how to use  XCUIElementTypeStaticText
can anyone please share any Appium blogs? 
how to swipe from bottom to top?
 Does anyone know about Android card view£¿
unable to get context and set context for windows app when automat windows hybrid app 
appium --session-override for uninstalling.
how to find coordinates using appium inspector if it's a native app
When pass in locale information for a simulator run with driver1.5 get a issue.
unable to find ID for any of the objects available in the screen.
when i run my scripts through testng xml a group  of 3-4 xmls it just works fine.
does appium support mac app automation as well?
how to verify google voice is activated using appium?
how to get alert text using browser.alertText()?
 we can use explicit wait for the element that you are getting StaleElementRefException.
is there an element identifier common to Android & iOS?
how to find if element is focused/not focused for ios?
does anybody use a docker-based emulator to run appium in android tests?
set up a brake point and inspect element `page`  when you are writing your tests.
how to get back first/last element from DOM using XPath on iOS
when will appium support ( fabric ) crosswalk?
how to execute android application test scripts on Eclipse?
how to recognize password textbox which contains NAF=true in android app?
what commands you use to start/stop/restart appium .
is there any tool to do iOS app accessibility checking?
node.js is enough to install appium on any platform.
when working on apk failed to start an appium session, Error Command failed.
how to keep session in retrofit library?
webdriverException when using self.driver.swipe method
iOS device requires udid and bundleID.
when try to request Android capabilites get an error saying `You must include a platformName capability`.
riginal error: unknown error: Failed to get sockets matching with mobile web views and Appium.
Getting connected devices( AutomatingASimpleActionTest).It is faster than device.
is it possible de display the appium website in english when using a french OS?
add screenshot of inspector if it has already split by new line separat
is there a way to see view inspector without desktop app on ios?
how to launch inspector from command line?
how to start appium with ruby on ios?
update to Appium 1.6.3 gets some failed.
can you share logs of DesiredCapabilities? 
when run appium server get the error:Simulator architecture appears to be unsupported by the'Users/sreekanth/Desktop/iOS App/StreetReader.app'.
how do i get alert messages on mobile devices?
when testing a hybrid app the same element raises an NoSuchElement error. 
not sure about xcuit framework implementation on 1.5 appium version.
after running python script for iOS app testing get a error:"NameError: name 'driver' is not defined".
an unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command.
is it possible to access the 'path'attribute in driver.page_source?
 when upadted my appium from 1.7.0 to 1.7.1 the script is not working in Android.
how to get device location in android appium using python?
how to find webelement for webview contents desgined by ionic framework
how to setup Appium for android on windows?
How to write tests targeting both iOS and Android.
how can i specify on the appium desk to certain way for simulators and real device.
PageFactory.initElements(new AppiumFieldDecorator(getDriver(), 20, TimeUnit.SECONDS), this); doesn't work .
'RoutingHTTPServer/RoutingConnect.h  file not found.
how to remove a SIGABART error in windows?
how to scroll untill elment prasent in appium?
how to use webdriver with appium 1.9.0.
how to use browserstack devices if appium plugin requires a local IP to work.
unable to access iframe using.frame().
how to select image from gallery in ionic framework?
appium.sessionNotCreatedException when running without killing node process.
Error: A new session could not be created.
selenium.nosuchelementException: An element could not be located on the page.
how do you open the inspector in appium 1.5.3 desktop?
Can we add arguments while launching an .apk file from Selenium?
how to collect api logs during UI test run?
what and where to replace in the newest appium version.
how to uninstall appium ( android + selenium + appium ) from source.
how can i upgrade my appium 1.6.3 to 1.6.4?
 while configuring get error: Failed to start an Appium session and Installing com.abc.xyz.pqr.ab failed 
 how can i print something in python console?
how to automate cross-domain iframes with the iphoneX?
ould the element be find with the code  bellow: @AndroidFindBy(uiAutomator = "new UiSelector(resourceId(\'com.android.systemui:id/scrim_behind\')") private MobileElement someBtn?
how to scroll to the top/bottom of the view?
can anyone share the location for appium desktop Setup 1.5.3 version.
how to use fastlane with appium?
what is the app path for automation testing in appium server for ios?
how to change focus from main screen to popup screen?
how to scroll upwards in a page using appium?
is ur app native or webview or hybird?
how to install appium version and run test on real device and run tests on real device?
use id instead of xpath and remove casting mobile element
is there a way to screenshot websites on iPhone/iPad in Safari Mobile using SauceLabs and Webdriver.io?
chrome 65 issue in Saucelabs while run appium tests on real device.
is it possible to obtein element id with appium inspector?
appium 1.3.2-beta2 can not start,it spawning instruments failed.
how to find x axis and y axis location in ios simulator
appium inspector doesn't start when autoWebview is set to true
removed setAccissibilityLabel shows UIAText but not all fields
appium grepping chromedrivers¡® instances in android tests on Ubuntu 16.04
can appium communicate between a browser and a native application in the same test?
how to scroll a dropdown list in android mobile applications. why could not creat a new session in Appium1.3.4.1.
unable to  connect Appium to webdriver agent
does callback method can't change activities with intent?
how to use  NATIVE_APP in webview context
getting permision error while pushing the changes to create PR
how to build WebDriverAgentRunner from console or Xcode use Developer Team provisioning profile?
how can i learn android automation?
is ancestor work with appium?
when run the project in my android sdk showing error in android path
is there any dialogue pop up on your android device?
how to click an element using touch action or swipe
Can we add arguments while launching an .apk file from Selenium?
why unable to find elements inside a  iframe  on iOS£¿
how to attach to an existing Appium session using Python.
how to connect real ios device with appium server using xcode?
is there a way to integrate appium with xamarin?
what is the next action after splash on android manifest in webdriverIO?
is there a way to try the xpaths like firebug in browser?
appium swipe on ios 8 - is it working now?
How to start testing app using appium via ruby.
Can i execute scripts parallely on iPhone safari browsers  With AppiumTestDistribution 
error:"Instance of 'WebDriver' has no 'find_element_by_accessibility_id' member"
who has the appium 3.3~5.0 update content URL?
how to retrieve OTP Message Notification from Message App to Native App?
how to fix the problem the Scripts are running very slow with appium 1.5.2.
can't create a new session because 'createSession'   takes HttpClient, InputStream and long was not found or it is not accessible
is there any other tools to inspect elements on ios?
is there any similar tools for ios like adb for android ?
problem about debug with simulator (appium 1.6.0 xcode 8)
how to setup appium for iOS hybrid app
how to scroll down the page in hybrid app to bottom in apium?
is there a way to map the automated tests with the zephyr tests?
how can i get the image through appium driver and compare it with static image?
what is the command for accesibility id?
While running tests I see that the while doing sendkeys
sendkeys is not working on ios device
UI Testing from XCode 7 in appium
Only call 'launch' once in my appium client when using appium 1.6 on real iOS 9 device.
how to launch whatapp and message to one contact?
Cannot findelements error when i close the terminal
who can tell about tools for code review of mobile application testing Android and IOS 
err_connection_refused localhost:8100 when connecting app
how to run appium tests over WiFi on ios real devices without using the cable
When running android case on android device it is failed. 
Session not created Exception when using appium-java-client and selenium
unable to get TestNG in Eclipse in macos
how to test push notification in windows appium?
appium test not stopping the session after the test have finished
unable to see resource id and text in npm install -g app
how to parse complex json responses using rest assured JsonPath
error:-The method tap(int, int) is undefined for the type TouchAction,The constructorTouchAction(WebDriver) is undefined
problem about Team and Signing Certificate already have values in Xcode
appium version 1.5.1 taking forever on line "driver.context(contextName)
 appium 1.5 does not support name locator
Is there a way to provide the iOS bundle ID and reset the app state after each test run
how to hide keyboard on ios?
how to find an element by text using autoAcceptAlerts 
cant automate without debugging and singed certificate
how to install webagentrunner in real device using appium?
what does the Error: Sdk '9.3.5' was not in list of simctl sdks at getDevices$... mean£¿
how can i attach to created early session in code from python
what swipe values are displayed now?
is appium work with latest Xcode and iOS and  the inspector?
how to start chromedriver via webdrivermanager using java?
how can i get the element value upto last in listview?
add all appium dependencies in pom.xml and start with appium directly
XCUITEST does not create a new driver session in appium 1.6
WDA error:locating an element and sending keys when successfully setup appium / webdriverio.
why appium hides/closes my app on android?
how to generate.app file out of code base?
error on simulator:Exception in thread "main" org.openqa.selenium.
how to run appium tests over WiFi on ios real devices without using the cable
how to scroll/swipe to specific text?
what is 'jsonwp proxy' in appium 1.4.16.1?
how to attach screenshots imgs to test report?
appium script not working well on letv ( android version 5.0.1 )
can not see the option "Accessibility Inspector when using the real device.
how to disable download pop in chrome browser?
how to configure ios app for appium testing?
how to reset the app every time a new scenario is run in android mobile automation with app
how to install appium 1.5.2 through terminal in MAC?
how to findElement like driver.findElement(By.xpath("
appium server is running and  can access from my code but get error
how to wait till element is located?
getting error while using Appium inspector on physical device (iphone)
how to use month picker on ios?
When start node server getting below error(Checking if an update is available) with appium 1.4.16.1 in windows 7.
when do browser.touchAction get an error saying "An unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command". 
how to click on specific part of image using coordinates?
appium could not start http interface listener. The requested port may already be in use
how or why appium would kill itself over sqlite?
the process "node.exe" not found on ios device safari browser
is there a way to stop appium from opening up appium.io url
how can i use the robot framework in a maven project without installing anything additional
how to click on an element in ios app using appium tool?
how to switch off/on wifi in iOS mobile device using appium script?
how to get getAttribute("index") value in android?
how to add marshmallow in platform version use type right?
how to use ScrollStart.getHeight() to scroll to the page
getting NATIVE CONTEXT when building with Schema=debug and distrubute with Enterprise Cert
how to install appium in windows 7?
how to inspect textbox in ios appium inspector?
we can't find webelements for Tooltips/Toast messages
java.lang.RuntimeException: Unable to start activity when multiple test script files
how to find elements in a hybrid app with WebView?
imports are failing after updating from 2.8.7 to 2.9.1 in RF 2.8.7
when start an appium session get error: Could not initialize ideviceinstaller.
how to launch a mobile app from the main screen?
is it possible to automate mac desktop application testing?
when and who develop appium?
when start the server but getting error: Could not find ideviceinstaller or initialize it
whnen start a local Appium session on an iOS emulator get the error:Using Appium 1.15.1
is there a way to do regex like pattern matching with xpath?
error on appium desktop error : "The URL '/' did not map to a valid resource"
error in Appium doctor Bin directory for $JAVA_HOME is not set
should upgrade from 1.4.13 to 1.5 or 1.6 beta?
can't run webDriverIO with appium service
When run code in appium get java.lang.NoSuchMethodError.
will element.clear() work in appium 1.6.3 useing the Java client4.1.2?
when run a script with protractor geenrated by appium get the error:No element found using locator : by.xpath
can 'swipe' work for appium 1.6.0(beta3)?
how to control bluetooth ( ON/OFF ) using appium in real android device?
is it possible to manage reset app ( or remove reset ) client-side with java-client?
when run the simulator it keeps on spinning but will never show the app with appium in eclipse
Appium supports to work with an APP file and real device testing
how to insert pass/Fail result on excel sheet with cuucmber framework
how to take screenshot for test failed in cucumber?
$JAVA_HOME is not set in Appium doctor Bin directory
how to identify object using name=Today's Appointments
how to share my ios software with an enterprise account?
ideviceinstaller doesn't work on ios 10.x
error when running appium version 1.5.3 GUI version for testing iOS application
autoAcceptAlerts does not work very consistently on the iOS Simulator
what is the command to make a scroll down in android?
unable to find webelement for webview contents desgined by ionic
 Mocha is a plugin for javascript?
how to use appium and browserstack
how to connect to webview from apk without webview management?
when have a table view with three cells he last cell becomes disabled as soon as I try to interact with it
when run Appium with iOS 13.3 get the error:Domain=XCTDaemonErrorDomain Code=11 "No AXElement found at {160 284}:
how to perform a swipe action in appium ios
when start a local Appium session on an iOS emulator and get the WebDriverAgentRunner: Using Appium 1.15.1
what is a good android emulator solution? 
when run appium server get error£ºSimulator architecture appears to be unsupported by the '/Users/sreekanth/Desktop/iOS App/StreetReader.app' application.
how to install both the apps while running automation with appium release?
how to verify google voice has been activated using appium?
mobile testing talk: What's New With Appium yesturday webinar?
how can i schedule my job to work with real mobile devices on Jenkins CI?
can we automate Firefox browser on android using Appium?
when start appium app the client doesn't display any log
can we turn on/off wifi in iOS through appium/java?
how to swipe from bottom to top using mobilecapabilitytype class?
unable to start inspector in Appium 1.5.3
Install and debug iPhone apps
can you run only one ios simulator at a time?
java.util.zip.ZipException: error in opening java.util
is it possible to accept this alert using autoAcceptAlerts capability
how to click android element with its id from xml in android appium
appium can not run ipa file and can not create app file using visual studio
how to get capability for appuium from python lang?
which version of appium is stable for session override?
how to use getContextHandles() method in kipljyo
how to Launch an app in Virtual Device using Andriod Studio and Appium Server.
is there a way to avoid having to Trust Developer every time?
how to update appium xcuitestdriver project?
how to integrate appium android automation with jenkins for emulator?
how to inspect other elements in ios appium inspector?
unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command in version 9.2/10
connection to WDA timeout message is displayed while executing appium IOS script
is parallel execution possible in ios using appium?
how to chatter page for selenium with appium and uiautomator
is there any scroll option for appium 1.5 available other than scrollto and scrolltoExact
when running testcases under multi-thread, always get error: org.
how to handle dates in datepicker using selenium web driver?
how to capture capache text in webapps?
can i run my appium tests on android device without connected it to PC?
ios sim UDID is not the same as MAC UDID
 error for swipe() and scrollTo() line after adding the java-client2.1.0 jar 
dere and .app file  are no options like xcodebuild -arch
unable to use robotframework-appiumlibrary with maven pom
failed to find safarilauncher.zip while trying to open webapp
what is the difference between tap and click in Appium v1.6.4?
java.lang.NoSuchMethodException while running appium with pom framework
can't upload/update profile image using parse for backend
how did your test suite pass on 1.5.4 without noReset capability set to true?
how can i click and hold then pull down the element in appium ios
is there something blocked in firewall settings?
nspredicate does not work with indexes and parent/child relations
how to check the value of a boolean in pytorch
how to use cucumber with aws-devicefarm?
is there a way to run appium tests headless for NATIVE iOS apps?
unable to click on google account with accessibility IDs on android device
when install appium 1.3.6 version on Mac OSX 10.7.5 get the error
is there any sample if using getPerformanceDataTest() from java client.
how to add content-desc to individual images in a gallery view
how to switch between windows in appium?
use maven in order to use Amazon device farm
how to change switching from fruitstrap to ideviceinstaller for app installation?
appium service can create n number session
is it possible to run automation scripts with signed apk?
is it possible to run tests in parallel for Android and IOS device?
can we using wdio with appium to test native app on iOS?
how to execute a javascript script from JavascriptExecutor?
how to get appium inspector in appium 1.6.4 for ios?
is there a way to test a hybrid app on ios?
is there any other emulator which is fast and good?
what swipe values are displayed now?
where is SafariLauncher app in Appium 1.6 folder hierarchy?
how to get xpath for XCUIElementTypeTextField element
question about running appium java client on jenkins via maven (version 1.3.1 )
how to switch from native view to embedded web view using node js?
how to execute same appium script on more than 2 devices parallelly using Selenium Grid
why does waitForElementByName break when updating form from 1.4.13 to 1.5.2
ideviceinstaller doesn't work on ios 10
error: Failed to start an Appium session, err was: Error: com.mobile.android/.StartActivity never started. Current: com.mobile.android/.DispatchActivity 
is mocha for java compatible with android and ios?
How to find app crashed in logcat.
Is it possible to crop captured image?
uiautomation failed to launch multiple sims when triggering in parallel threads
how to cast screen on ios other than video recording option?
could not pre-launch appium: Error: Permission to start activity denied
button text is blank in the UI - appium 1.8.0-beta4
error: Could not initialize ideviceinstaller; make sure it is installed and works on your system  info: 
how to use implicit wait in appium?
why you want to launch the app from recent app list?
is there a working example of double tapping or double clicking an element?
ideviceinstaller doesn't work on ios devices error was "Command failed"
nspredicate does not work with indexes and parent/child relations
sendkeys doesn't work in safari on ios
how to upload apk file in Sauce Labs using trial version of Sauce Labs
is there any way to downgrade to do iOS app accessibility checking?
autoAcceptAlerts not working very consistently on the iOS Simulator
it can do coding in xcode to automate android application
how to resign the application with the different developer certificate?
can't open my app in simulators using  Xcode 10, appium desktop 1.10.1 on ios
why.Net framework is required for appium installation on mobile device?
how can i start learning appium?
is there a instrument to run appium on an ios device?
how to run find_element_by_xpath on android simulator
appium-doctor shows  Running iOS Checks error message 
how can i share my ios software with an enterprise account?
how can i get the image through appium driver from my app and compare with static image
how to run appium test on real iphone?
how to start appium with ruby on ios
how do you take screenshots on a failed test using node to write the tests?
how to close app immediately after launch using webdriver-io?
how to scroll to an element in wdioviewscell in appium using iOS and Android Native App
how to use explicit wait for element that is getting StaleElementRefException?
is there any performance stats logger for appium both iOS/Appium?
how to install appium on macos
how to wait elements in node.js
java.lang.RuntimeException: Unable to start activity for multiple script files in appium (v1.7.2)
issues with xcode 10.2 and ios 12.2 with ios simulator
how to use content-descriptors for identifying locators on appium
element changes based on the steps youve taken 
can appium do image recognition compare read and unread messages state from change in colour?
unable to inspect some page elements in android mobile app
get error when install appium on macOS
how to apply wildcard search in appium
unable to find ID for any of the objects available in recyclerview
unable to connect to appium studio in office metwork
how to scroll the screen in android application?
how to design framework for native mobile App for both android and ios
is possible to do stability test by performing playpause and resume in appium 1.6?
how to fetch the screen title in mobile?
how to handle dates in datepicker using selenium web driver with ios?
how to use touch actions with appium 1.7.2 for iOS native apps?
ios webkit debug proxy error for 'Console.enable' and have no handler, doing nothing
doing wrong while installing appium on android
is this a room where talking about making iPhone apps?
found that Team and Signing Certificate already have values when I check my Xcode 8.0
get stuck while running java testcase appium using xode 6.1 mac 10.10
webdriver_exception_FailedCommand: Element not found 
how can i get data from sqlite database using cursor?
is there a recommendation for non-technical folks to use cucumber appium?
safari launcher doesn't need to be compiled or downloaded
is there any performance stats logger for appium both iOS/Appium?
could not find ideviceinstaller or initialize it
does appium support webview?
webdriver exception while running scripts on latest appium 1.6.2 on ios
how to define different test in appium test?
is it possible to crop captured image?
how to run tests in javascript with appium on android?
error: xcodebuild failed with code 1 and can not launch WebdriverAgent
launching appium server manually doesn't work..
how to start appium inspecter on macos version 1.3.2-beta2 in mac
inspector not opening when "setWebContentsDebuggingEnabled=flase"
is it possible to test with appium in ionic framework (v2)?
does appium support cross platform testing for android and ios scripts?
ios webkit debug proxy error with 'Console.enable' and doing nothing
unable to find the WebDriverAgentRunner.app while in the runtime on ios
how to get a numeric keyboard instead of alphanumberic keyboard?
how to create multiple stepdefs.java for different architecture
how to setup appium for app automation on ios?
how to setup webdriveragent in appium like sauce labs?
appium (java) not working with eclipse 
is there a way to skip certain parts of an image when using mobile motions?
unable to open Android UIAutomator from tools folder on mac
ios-webkit-debug-proxy-launcher connection error
how to update appium version on ubuntu?
Is it possible to unlock screen which needs password ?
is there a good book or documentation on Appium-node.js for moblile testing?
can not read property 'performTouchAction(actionHome)' of undefined
An unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command
is it possible to extract all the values present in pickerView?
how to add assertions to a test that does not click on the element it found
no AXElement found at {160 284:} when running Appium with iOS 13.3
what is the required Selenium Version for appium v1.10.0
running testng xml as a group takes one hour or more to start the tests
appium simulator device not starting on ios 13,xcode 11.1
connection is refused when trying to start appium server programatically
how to use scroll method in mobile native app?
how to use the Sheel commands through Appium?
how to measure page load time in native app
appium inspector not working on ios simulator
is it possible to activate flight mode on native android app?
how to use ios locators on appium webdriverio
why does waitForElementByName break form 1.4.13 to 1.5.2
scrolling to element that is not in tableview
how to apply wildcard search in appium
how to config appium in mac for testing ios application
appium doesn't auto-install carthage on ios 10
how to use appium-adb workable (tests on java)
how to get battery / disk / cpu / memory usage on android device
is it possible to run tests over multiple android devices in parallel with appium?
how to hide ios keyboard on appium
how to run appium test with circleCI on android and iphone
error while running tests on jenkins server with app-automation-ios
is there a way to shorten the xpaths?
how to use appium to select a date from a native datepicker on iOS
how to use scrollTo with java bindings for ios and android?
Is there anyway to increase command timeout time in appium?
appium native clock - activity name doesn't exist or cannot be launched
how to setup MacBook for iOS automation? 
get error when run through desktop version appium 
how to switch off wifi on ios devices
how to set android_home path for mobile site?
is it possible de display the appium website in english when using a french OS?
An unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command
can't see the recorder in appium desktop when using tap and sendkey
can i do mobile and desktop browser testing without selenium?
how to run protractor tests on a hybrid application using appium?
what is the best way to find a generic scrollable element in android?
appium doctor adb connection error and zero emulators connected
getting error while automation one web application on safari
unable to set location in lacation based app like google map or uber cab
xctest mobile touchandhold not working on ios xctest
how to add new androidUiautomator2Driver session to master session list?
how to create the xpath?
are there any senior Appium Automation engineers based in south Asia available?
which cucumber appium would you recommend for non-technical folks?
is it possible to extend the API methods of webdriverio with appium?
how to perform swipe on one contact from contact list on android device?
how to select item from linearlayout?
are there any workaround can takes more time to get app source?
unable to find elements inside a  iframe on iOS
how to setup appium for ios on NATIVE_APP?
how to hanlde this type of objects while spying with uiautomator
swipe left-towards does not work on iOS simulator after upgrading from 1.5 to 1.6
how to handle permission popups/ popups in android?
how to start with hybrid app automation
how to recycle webdriver for UI automation testing?
how to start appium using command line in appium desktop?
is it possible to run appium performance tests using webdriver ios?
running appium tests as parallel on different physical devices ( android and ios )
appium 1.5.3 can't have pre-launch that was removed in 1.5.3
how to use appium with webdriverio grunt mocha?
can appium communicate between a browser and a native application in the same test?
issue about running appium with eclipse
is it possible to use Appium to automate emails within mobile email clients?
is there any other forum where i can ask questions related with appium?
how to run two different wdio.config.js files 
unable to connect to webdriver agent using uiautomator
how to get absolute coordinates based on user touch in appium 1.4.0?
can i automatized a native app on android with appium?
can not find any webviews on cordova wkwebview plugiin
get issue "missing write access to /usr/local" about installing via npm
how to use driver.toggle_airplane_mode() in java
how to use appium as a node in selenium grid
how to use 'Leaks' to test memory leaks in app for ios profiling?
unable to connect to appium studio in office metwork
why we use capabilities in appium?
how to run tests on multiple ios simulators in parallel
is there any way to write a relative xpath using node details of elements?
error chromedriver: DevTools request: http://localhost:12900/json/version
how to delete a file from 'Download' folder in android device?
Appium takes a lot of time to getPageSource in IOS 11 with Appium 1.7.0
how to automate web application using appium
is it possible to automate Ios app which is built with distribution certificate?
how "url" parameter should work in json node config?
is it possible to install 'WebDriverAgentRunner' once and reuse it
how to generate the ipa, iphone simulator support?
install doesn't work if appium session isn't restarted
appium.log closes by itself when it clicks on sign-in button with ios
parity wallet doesn't recognise a token purchased in an ICO
can i do desktop browser testing without selenium?
how to get element of android.webkit.WebView
how to set new command-timeout parameter of newCommandTimeout? 
get error "no AXElement found at 160 284" when running Appium with iOS 13.3
hydrid app on android unexpected slwodown issue
what is the code for performing the appium-sikulli integration?
what is the difference between appium node and appium desktop?
how to use webdriver js with xcode and appium
scrolling is not working with webdriver.io and webdriver.remot
where can i find a guide on getting started with Appium using node.js?
how to use 'xpath' to locate native elements?
how to install ios-deploy using brew command line
is it possible to simulate the network data connection in appium?
is it possible to test backend calls or events while making calls from front end ?
is there any way to change admob account country for android?
appium 1.6 app launch twice on real iOS 9 device
get error "name 'driver'is not defined" after running python script for ios app testing
fruitstrap quit unexpectedly pop-up when trying to test on ios real device
unable to execute appium 
how to use ios predicate and class chain locators in appium in webdriverIO
can't run webDriverIO with appium service
getting error "org.openqa.selenium.WebDriverException:Connect to 0.0.0.0:4723 "
how to reset the app every time a new scenario is run in android mobile automation?
is WDA installed on device? 
iOS script opens and closes 4 times than 5th script is running on the simulator
error:org.apache.http.conn.HttpHostConnectException: Connect to 0.0.0.0:4723 
unable to run safari test on apple phone ( appium 1.6.3 )
error:org.openqa.selenium.remote.UnreachableBrowserException: Could not start a new session
application crashing continuously when work with appium 1.6.3 on mac
how to use spinner in appium with xamarian
error:sdk 9.3.5 not in list of simctl sdks at getDevices$...
error in thread "main" java.lang.NoSuchMethodError: org.openqa.selenium.remote.ErrorHandler.
how to use appium driver with c#?
error while installing appium on node version 7.7.4 and npm version 4.1.2
appium does not work if installed with sudo
error:No chromedriver found that can automate Chrome \'69.0.34497\'
error: listen EADDRINUSE 0.0.0.0:4723
can we automate android app in flight release signed with development certificate?
is it possible to use selectors by looking at attributes or html codes?
is there a way to test for a locale on android?
how to use appium + applitools scripting with python
can not launch apk from a real tablet for automated testing
appium automatically launches but appium server does not recognize 
how to install appium from source?
how to read json array data from file to string using appium
what is the best way to run android simulator in appium?
can we automate mobile app development in appium?
how does appium install to real device on ios?
is there any workaround to get window handle to switch to new window?
xcuitest is isolating list items in ios simulators
get error "chromedriver cannot create session" when running web tests
get error while executing my script
how to send home key to ios device using python?
how url parameter in json node configuration should work
is there any way to automate chats and graphs?
is there a reason why my tests are slower compared to my web tests?
how to explicitly shutdown UIAutomator Server when running a suite with tests
AX error -25205: accessibility id and other attributes are displayed with text 
can we using wdio and appium to test native app on iOS?
how to use custom proxies/servlets in appium nodeconfig?
how to start media playback on an ios device without a gesture
can we using wdio and appium to test native app on iOS?
can not create new session, can not override existing session.
how to name screenshots using the saveScreenshot function with mocha and node
how do i scroll to in ios using js.executeScript
how to test my web application on Mobile Safari & Chrome for Android?
is there a way to map the automated tests with the zephyr tests?
how to access the same download button in uiautomatorviewer?
an unknown server-side error occurred while processing the command on ios
how can i get appium console after installing node js
how to get all the text on the application which is already open?
how to learn python and write code automation code using appium?
does python bindings for appium have scrollTo functionality?
Appium does support for Xcode7 and simulator does not start
how to test voice calls from robot script with appium in android/ios
the best way to identify the element with ascii characters
app re-installs everytime in iOS 13 with Appium 1.15 and xcode 11
how to set 2 different activities in capabilities in android app?
why for every execution appium closing simulator and starting again?
how to build WebDriverAgentRunner from console or xcode?
how to run protractor tests on a hybrid application using appium?
is it possible to tap system buttons on iPhone?
can't start an session in android appium webdriver
example to check if its connected to wifi or not
desired capabilities for FirefoxOS platform run on Android Emulator device
appium desktop apk is unconvertable in circleci
how to run specific scenarios from cucumber feature file Using java-appium?
should there be a UITextField in an element?
how to check for available log levels in applium 5.1
how to use web context on android (nexus 7 android 6.0.1) appium
is there a mac version of the app that is able to detect ui elements
getting an error while opening my Appium studio
error: no such file or directory for sdk/build-tools on android
any documentation available for uploading external files in wswebcreation?
handle permission popups/ popups in android appium
upgrade appium to 1.4.13 using xcode 7
how to import specreporter to android device?
how to implement scrollTo and hide keyboard in appium for ios
how to fix the error about appium config file not found
how to get elements by resource-id with appium and android?
way to integrate appium with xamarin  
launching the app but not detecting the elements in appium server
selectPickerWheelValue is giving me server side error in codeceptJS 
could not start a new session
error open my app and turn to cn.mailt ech.app/.activity.setup.AccountSetupBasics,after seconds,appium stop
