it is the right time to buy and hold of bitcoin/ethereum now
what are those critical bug on Ether?
is there a testnet for my ethereum wallet?
mining ethereum on loptop asus ux 510uw
where can i download the ethereum public blockchain data?
how to redeem Ethereum pre-sale/crowd funding?
what is the use case for ethereum and how does smart contract work?
ethereum wallet disappearing and appearing again and again
a hardfork means a hardfork means there will be ETH and ETH2
what is the best wallet for ethereum? and where to buy/sell them?
how to properly process bids and reveal bids for ENS?
how to create account with ropsten testnet and web3js?
how to star mining etherium
how long does it take to produce 1 ether from 1 unti of Etherium 1400W?
how can i download ethereum wallet?
how to install ethereum in redhat linux
how to transfer ETH from coinbase to my address in mist?
ethereum txpool will transactions be executed in the same order
is it possible to implement sharding in my ethereum project?
how to log into my ethereum account?
how to get good ether cloud mining?
how to use ethereum in a website with php and walletnotify
how to use the 'geth--fast' token name registry in geth?
why my account in etherscand this balance -1wei?
whats the best etherium wallet and pool ?
what is ethereum and how can i use it for an efirium?
how to faucet KETH? 
Are there any mining m achine that can buy?
what GPU are recommended for best performance?
how to send ETH from bitstamp to cryptopia and get it back?
how to withdraw my iconomi from Kraken.com into my ethereum
where is the up-to-date ethereum roadmap for serenity?
how to create contracts with ethereum?
Is there a guide out there on how to join a pool and start mining? 
how can i start mining ethereum on win 64 with AMD graphics card?
how to safely split etc and ETH with a presale wallet
how to use etherscan api in python?
how to create a mongodb block chain dev environment?
ethereum not showing up even though it has completed all the Tx
ethereum transactions delayed and canceled 
how well is the new update going?
is there something saying testnet near that block sync field?
how to use java to develop smart contracts on ethereum?
what aleth options to use to synch to the main chain?
is there any chance to download ETH WALLET on mobile phone or play store?
is it rubbish nonsense to use ethereum with a lifenaut account?
how to send user tokens from jaxx to poloniex wallet?
when will the Metropolis update be rolled out?
will ethereum take over bitcoin? and when all are busy buying bitcoins?
why is this soft fork happening in ethereum?
how to set timeline on sell and buy ERC20 token
error: sync Ethereum mist stopped after 10-15 mins of syncing
is there a forum dedicated to announcing Ethereum based crowdsales?
why etherium is not sending from erherblockchain to given wallet?
unable to sync the node with ethereum-wallet
where can i find some doc about all different types of token build on ethereum?
how to earn ethereum?
how to get all transactions to an account ?
my node is synced but the chain keeps growing
how to open an ethereum account?and how can i start trading?
is ethereum associate with codebot.com/traderoom?
creating a wallet contract has been going on for over an hour on a tiny private blockchain
how to get ethurum address
how to buy ethereum using btc account
unable to sync Ethereum Wallet at block 4370000
geth command dont work on Ubuntu os
when will the fork take place? 
is the ethereum wallet android a good option to maintain and receive eth with safe?
is there any way to know if I'm sapping excuse my English?
how do i access my ether wallet?
what is the best way to deploy an application in a Private Blockchain with ethereum
unable to send 1 Ether to another wallet since mist 0.8.3
unable to find accounts in remix (web3 provider )
eth mining info@ethereum.org email address is not working
how to build a freelance platform using ethereum smart contracts?
where is the best place to buy ethereum and which is the best way to store?
how is an ECR-20 transfer represented on the chain?
can't connect to node when openning my wallet
is pc or mac more suitable for eth development?
how to connect my e-wallet or link it to a trading platform?
how to get the oayout in anyog accounts?
good programmers are not linguistic folk
what am i supposed to do with the ethereum Wallet for Windows 32 bit
is there any extension for opencart? 
is there a way to acquire ether tokens on mainnet other than mining and purchasing
what is the size of a map in solidity?
Is there an Ethereum wallet available for iPhone? One created by the organization?
how to recover coins sent to invalid address
unable to synchronize ether to my etherbase wallet
how can i buy etherum?
how to change etherium wallet from mainnet to testnet
how to create an instance of ethereum with tweaks to the native token
unable to synchronize ethereum wallet with agama
ethereum wallet not syncing
how to deploy a 'central bank' coin on etherscan?
how to create pay solution on my own created website with ether?
is it possible to mine ethereum?
i sent my ethereum to etherscan and don't know what to do
how to start an ICO after completing a white paper?
where is my ETH and how do i get it back?
how to buy ethereum from a website that tracks the price of ethereum
is it possible to mine with gtx 950 with 2 GB vram?
synchronize mist/ethereum wallet with keystore
error: the entire blockchain has not downloaded yet on my OS
why etherium is not sending from erherblockchain to given wallet
how far can ethereum reach by end of this month?
what should i increase the jitvm flag to?
erroe: can't fetch trie key: no suitable peers available
try the mist channel if you have problems with mist
is there a way to move an existing application onto the Ethereum computer?
unable to access OTn tokens on ethereum wallet or mist
how to check my eth as I change it to dash using shapeshift
can ethereum offer a complete alternative to 'old world' structures for donations?
issue: sending btc to link from ethereum but it never show up in my wallet
should i buy some etherum?
what is the purpose of using ethereum over bitcoin and hard forks?
how to transfer bitcoin to eth?
ethereum wallet not recognizing password
is it possible to create a new hash address for the same account using geth?
is it safe to download ether wallet to conputer and leave the wallet to your computer
how do i report a consensus failure to the jit VM?
is it possible to password-protect one's Ethereum wallet on windows?
what is the instruction set of the ethereum virtual machine (eVM)?
how many of the original unsplit will turn into ethereum classic coins?
how can i create my own ethereum wallet?
why always fail my transaction admin and pending?
is it possible to use ethereum as a dapp framework?
what should i enter for my tokens JSON interface?
qtminer not peering and downloading blocks on macos
is there a designated moderator in the shopawl channel?
why my pc freezes so bad when i run ethereum wallet or mist?
where does the ethereum software install the blocks for mac os?
is there an official android wallet of ethereum?
how to convert spurts on bitcoins?
error: ethereum wallet does not recognize good passwords
can i develop blockchain apps using C#?
how did the ethereum team initially meet each other?and how did vitalik find Gavin W and other core developers?
how to find a good download for ethminer?
how to start for block chain on Azure
how to download the source code of ethereum
how can i buy ether from my etherwallet account?
is there a cheap btc exchange?
is it possible to password-protect one's Ethereum wallet on windows?
is there a legal way to start a cryptokitties business?
how to become a miner? 
unable to get my Etherscan balance and it not show in my MyEtherWallet
how many GB of chaindata is the entire blockhain in ethos?
how can i buy ethereum?
ethereum upgrade will be delayed by vitalik buterin in 2021
how come i can't mine on testnet using geth?
problem with my eth json back up wallet
how to transfer token/coin from Etherscan/MyEtherWallet
is there a way to open my wallet after losing json file password?
how to fix error that no data is downloaded after 2 hours looking for peer
unable to withdraw and deposit taas on livecoin
is there any api for developers to implement ethereum?
is it possible to develop a centralized blockchain for record keeping using etherum?
how to mine ether with a pool?
is it better to use ethereum or ethereum for mining purposes?
can private ethereum chains be created outside of testnet for commercial use?
how to develop etherum wallet for crypto exchnage site?
what is the best way to integrate with the ethereum network?
how to deploy my contract and interact with it?
how to see my POWR tokens in a freewallet.org wallet?
how many total ethers were created during the sale?
how to mine ethereum now?
what this soft fork does?
how to run a program on a memory set without knowing the struct?
testnet token not appearing in erc20 search
how to backup my private key from the etherum wallet?
is there a github repository for the ethereum branding?
which wallet is bet for Ethereum?
is there any way to undo the transaction?
how can we retrieve encrypted user credentials from the blockchain?
how to get ethereum coin?
can i use ethereum to build a mobile banking app?
what is the best ethereum wallet?
why the link for download wallet is not working on ethereum.org website?
how to mine ethereum using pc?
how can i earn Ethereum and making profit?
how to delete an account of ethereum wallet?
how do i access etherscan after sending bitcoin to etherium?
how to download ethereum wallet client for 32 bit pc?
is there a secure place to buy ethereum in US?
how to transfer eth from one address to another using blockcypher api
where can i buy ethereum and what wallet can i use for it
what is the best type of graphics card for miner? 
how to convert from btc to ethe with etherium-wallet
how can i get back my ethereum after claiming?
how to create an asset based cryptocurrency on Ethereum ( ethereum )
unable to download ethereum wallet for win 32
when the etherum will be pos?
how can i start a project for ethereum uses in the food industry?
unable to create an account with ethereum wallet UI
my node was synced but the chain keeps on growing
is there a way to buy and sell ethereum directly from the ledger Nano S?
how to exchange btc for eth
when Constantinople fork are going to happen?
unable to synchronize ethereum wallet with plexcon
are there any good news from ethereum or all bad news for chinese developers?
how to mine ether?
could we entice blockchain promotion via GeoCaching.com?
how can i increase the amount of my tokens to be available?
erroe: ox token not received in my poloniex ox address
where can i find best Rig for ETH Farming and eBooks about ETH?
how are TXs handled on a singleton blockchain application
is there a solution to the problem of long synchronization?(the last 200 blocks can not be synchronized)
unable to log in to my mist wallet
is there any Uk phone number for etherieum or any sort of press email/advertising contact floating around?
error: json--rpc. problem probably could not connect retrying in 2
how to mine Ethereum?
how to modify my token's ICON? 
how to earn easy cryptocurrency
what can undo it that i have purchased Ether but gave it a wrong addres (adress of Ether cash)
are there any update on the frozen ETC? 
how much blocks or satoshi vs ethereum
what is you opinion prediction of ether in the near future?
how to mining ethereum? and how to creat wallt?
what is the address to send my 10 eth to?
what is smartpool?and if there is a pool for POS?
how to access your ether while keeping your ETH safe?
where can i get the latest stable binary for Alethzero?
how to download ethereum wallet from polorias exchange
how to transfer ETH from coinbase to my mist address?
why is processing blocks taking so long?
who was the developer of ETH again?
Not able to mine Ether after installing Wallet
how could a single node handle massive databases in distributed fashion?
why isn't anyone answering e-mails from ethereum?
how i can develop some application ? 
how to transfer ether from ethereum wallet to another wallet?
what is the best way to min ethereum coins in the uk?
is ethereum associate with ethereumcodebot.com/traderoom?
a good channel for ERC20 and contract questions
issue with my gridcoin wallet
what is the difference between serpent and solidity on ethereum?
how to cross-compile gpu miner for aarch64?
how does p2p energy trading work in the context of German virtual power plants
why did i put my seed words on infura and not metamask?
how to start with dapps/smart contracts in Mexico?
how to send a transaction from ethereum wallet to another wallet?
how to trade ethereum?
how can i interact with third party API from ethereum smart contracts?
is there a way to export a private key from mist?
is there a way to send/receive tokens from a wallet?
what is the security of the ethereum code? 
why is there a 'rise of nation' game on ethereum and where ever minor thing costs money
is there any API available to convert amount of ether to corresponding USD?
where to buy ether in gcc?
what makes you a quantum computer and not a random dreamer?
how to secure ethereum wallet software
when does the Rocket start going off? 
need a payable function to handle incoming eth
what is the best place to go for questions about the json-rpc api
how can i access the blockchain without the privet key?
whats the newbie ELI5 nutshell explanation of maidsafe and master coin
how to get testnet ether using geth geth.ipc keystore test
what happens if i put 100 ETH into a dao and sell those 100 tokens?
how can i access my ethereum using ripio credit?
what is the appropriate channel for ethereum trading and HF?
don't buy stuff without codebase without codebase
how do i move my ethereum to a new wallet?
Is there anyway to get hourly gas price data for last 3 months or 6 months data?
what is the type of algorithm used by the ethereum in blockchain?
will etheruem rise again?
how do i start my own token on the ethereum chain?
how much is 0.05 eth in us dollar?
i lost everything when my phone fell out of my car and broke hard
is it possible to have 9 million+ circulating and 34 dollars in volume as in ITT?
how to synhronize my ethereum wallet with bitcoin?
ether sent yesterday but there is no info in Wallet 
how can i integrate this into my immature tech?
where can i buy Ethereum? 
why did btc drop like a rock today?
is there a supply limit for ethereum?
how can i edit deployed contract?
how to make one page ico landing with rimulation?
how to buy bitcions?
can i create an account with the address i used to send it to?
unable to download ethereum in a reasonable format ( not-binary)
how to start mining with ethereum on test.net?
How can I connect git repo?
how can i download eth Wallet files to an external hard drive?
why sould they be the first in market cap if they are working slowly than bitcoin?
what should I do if my tokens were stolen from me?
how do i reset my password the one that sends the trade off?
how can i learn about ether and tokens (save handling and so on)?
is there a way to send data anonymously without anyone being able to see it?
is this where one can learn to build contracts?
error: eth still stuck in blockchain after sending it to bittrex 
how can i make money with ehereum app?
are there any good bit coin reference material to get started?
why is there a "rise of nation" game on ethereum? and where ever minor thing costs money?
is ethereum a crypto currency?
is there an azure template to set up a private ethereum blockchain?
how do i redeem my ethereum tokens?
are there any Ethereum projects that have a working front end on Rinkeby or Kovan?
how to know for which token i got authorized to spend?
is it necessary to download the whole etherum wallet to make new contracts?
How can I Buy it from India?
why my hardrive get smaller space while im mining?
how to stoll OMG tokens from my wallet?
why almost all contracts start with mstore(60,40)?
how to fix a troll who sent ether to a wrong account?
gitter password doesn't work
where can i trade ethereum?
how to monitor received transactions of that address using etherscan.io?
what i need to download to start mining ethereum?
what is something that could potentially increase the market price of Ether?
are there any places to go to research about ethereum?
how can i start mining ethereum?
is it possible to publish your encrypted keystroke file without any concerncs?
why i can't move my minereum tokens?
how to start using services at azure blockchain and develop a simple POC
is there any available on ethereum coin in india?
how to subtract a one token fee everytime one user sends tokens to another? 
ethereum block and chain structure stop downloading all of a sudden
how can i transfer EOS from forkdelta to other exchanges?
my ethereumwallet not working 
Is there a way to set the gas price you want to pay when executing a function on a contract?
how can i get in touch with someone from Ethereum Zug, Switzerland?
can i use a plugin other than metamask?
Is there any one who can guide me to design my own ethereum clone?
where can i find the ethereum mining sdk?
how to back up mist wallets in ethereum?
is a Devcon3 ticket transferrable to Vitalik?
how to run parity?
how do i track my ethereum/mist coins?
why is my Ethereum Ledger Wallet not showing up at Etherscan?
how to transfer 100 ether from my main account to my newly created MyEtherWallet
how can i create a crowdfounding champaign for my website?
how to mine ethererum within Coinbase ETH platform?
when i click tabs to send ether i do not see any wallets as options
are there any resources for floating a ERc-23 token in a private network?
synchronization of ethereum wallet never ends and account balance zero
Could extreme laziness be considered a disability? 
how can i buy eth if my wallet is stuck on same amount 
how to buy ethereum from europe by credit card?
how to buy ethers on poloniex.com?
where to buy ether in gcc? 
how to reset/recover my password when trying to send ethers from my wallet
how to download ethereum wallet from https://ethereum.org/?
is it correct to have same symbol for multiple organisations in ethereum wallet?
startup errors to start ethereum wallet
when ethereum price will go up?
what is the best offline paper wallet out there?
i exchange bitcoin to ether from shapeshift.io but the ether not receive my wallet
issue with high fees to send erc20 token
ethereum mist install block transfer
how to find out the Byzantine fault tolerance of Ethereum?
how can i buy ethereum right now?
how can i buy the etherenum?
are there any Ethereum events in Barcelona?
is there an  introduction to ethereum smart contract coding that doesn't jump right into code
how do i add an icon to my token on etherscan?
Where should I store my ETH to recieve the ETZ when fork will take place?
how do i create an Ethereum account?
should i join one coin or take rise with minimum amount in any digi currency?
how can i get ethers from ethereum Wallet app?
where is ethereum site located
how to create shitcoin?
how to deploy a contract in a js file and execute it in a js file?
how to calculate a transaction id (transaction hash of my transaction)?
unable to download ethereum wallet for win 32
ethereum transaction failed 4 days ago and still did not get back the same amount back
how can i download ethereum wallet without it taking 2 weeks?
how to create pay solution on my own created website with ether?
is there an email contact for anyone in ethereum foundation?
how to set up any software for mining ether?
is there any certification in ethereum like Certified Ethereum Blockchain Expert?
how to open an account on ethereum wallet?
is it true that the crypto market will see a wave of macros recently?
how to invest in ethereum?
how can i make a dapp with geth and solidity?
how to send 1 ether to my ethereum wallet on etherminer
how to use ethereum wallet?
where to talk about #ens?
how can i mine ethereum?
why gas limit keep dropping below the price recommended in this post?
how to buy etherium zero?
Does Ethereum have the capability to hold Limited Utility Token Auctions?
are there any recordings available of DEVCON2 talks?
is there a chance that the tokens can be transferred to another wallet?
what is email support for etherium? 
how to create an instance of ethereum with tweaks to the native token
how to automate the creation of hot wallets?
can i transfer etheriums while my block are syncing?
how to register contracts rely on Ethereum blockchain protocol?
what is the best way to create a wallet?
why is there a 'rise of nation' game on ethereum?
is there any command line tools built in Java?
should every user download the whole ethereum blockchain in order to use the app?
where can i invest for ethereum?
where the download link for ALethOne?
how can i get contract address's private key from multisig wallet.sol?
is there a way to speed up the block chain download for osx?
is there a chart that tracks the size of the data directory?
ethereum transactions delayed and canceled 
is there a way to keep both chains on the same computer?
what is the fastest verification process for ethereum?
how to link ethereum platform to renewable energy generation to give our currency some backing and value?
etherum wallet account not updating despite constant sync with blockchian
is there an official and trusted android wallet of ethereum?
how and where do i buy ethereum?
is it possible to generate contract addresses with ethereumjs-tx?
if byzantium activated do i need wait ethminer update again ?
how can i deploy a contract on testnet without any eth in my account?
what i can do if send founds eth from my eth wallet to etc wallet  to bitrex by mistake ?
why ETH amount don't show up in the main account of the Ethereum Wallet when sent to it?
what's the likelihood of a hard reset on a crypto exchange?
7 errors pop up when i hit test which preventing for sending etherium
how to open a wallet?
how to remove tabs from the browse section of mist?
can anything except cpp-ethereum do a bitcoin address instead a ether address?
is there a way to check the ether stored in ENS domains?
what would be the best option for new wallet in ipad?
how do i create incentives for miners?
how does smart contract really work with ethereum?
how can i find programmers for hire on a Ethereum project?
what should i do if my tokens were stolen from me,?
when Constantinople fork are going to happen?
how to install Ethereum-Wallet on windows pc?
how to purchase coing?
is there a way to mine ETH with an ASIC?
is there a good eth wallet which uses GBP instead of USD?(For Windows/mobile)
why is this crypto currency not simple like bitcoin and others?
how to hold ethreum in security?
do a contract function but it always exceeds gas
 will it keep all my ether in place if i update my ethereum misst wallet?
do not use jaxx since there have been "disappeared" wallets
can opening a video with IPFS execute a video to install malware?
issue: not syncing up, stuck on 5,785,610 block and 18 days
shapeshift.io is very simple if youre purchasing with other cryptocurrencies
how to use the ethereum logo in my cutom design for a t-shirt and comercialize on amazon?
is it possible to retransfer My. Otn by Ethereum.Peggy?
what is mist? 
is there a windows10 local wallet that syncs succsessfully?
how to create a new type of digital currency like Ethereum?
how to fix that when I try to transact, it says the password is invalid?
how to create a blockchain?
where's the best place to find info on metropolis?
Ethereum wallet doesn't show any balance in my account
how can i join ethereum and mine coins on ios?
can someone please execute a few contracts for me on ethereum testnet?
how does smart contract alter storage?
error: The contract code could not be stored, please check your gas amount
is it possible to store encrypted data on the chain that can only be revealed by a transaction?
how to ensure that everyone is always transacting through the blockchain?
is that hard fork resulted in new ticker?
any recordings available of DEVCON2 talks?
is there a better way to contact an expert in blockchain technology to a podcast episode?
ethereum wallet is not finishing downloading 
what is the best type of graphics card for miner?
Mist wallet wouldn't let me paste the address when  2 of the numbers were reversed
whats the best way to purchase ethereum from Afghanistan?
how to use parity or mist for crowdsale?
I sent tenx to mist wallet but does not show
how to get past block 10,500,976 on ethereum classic with geth?
how to get all transactions from certain address?
how much is 50 gwei in terms of gas?
how to know for which token i got authorized to spend?
who are willing to give a small amount of bitcoin for my dad who is in wheel
how long does it take for walle to sync?
how to claim ICN (ICONOMI) token in Yobit ethereum wallet
ethereum blockchain is stored locally as a json file?
what is the total suplly of etherium supprots?
when run main acc in pc sistyem get a problem:"client v144 older than the last 146 cheak githhub.com"
how to contact regarding Rinkeby issues?
how to join and make payments for this particular ico?
can not join my official ETH wallet,which connects only to test
can someone transfer me some ether on the Testnet account?
Can anyone recommend a DAPP for outsourcing smart contract development? 
how to buy ethereum coin ETH?
can't find Ethereum I purchased and have no clue where to look.
bitqyck seems to be an affiliate scheme based out of ethereum
looking for info on starting my own Ether Exchange
how to add vesting mechanism which in crowdsale in smart contract ?
what is the most easy way to buy ethers at the market price?
ethereum which was transfered into ethereum classis never went throw from bitstamp to cryptopia exchange still not showing up
error:''wrong password '' when run wallet 0.5.1 import pre-sale json file on a mac
how long is the Ethereum full node chain size? 
are there some places where i can understand ethereum better?
any good explanations on economics of ethereum ?
where is my etherium balance?
how to connect web3.js and HTML page to interact with contract in testnet?
whats the newbie ELI5 nutshell explanation for maidsafe and master coin?
how to buy ethereum using net banking?
unable to access ethereum wallet on etherscan
how can i recover my wallet from currapted ssd?
what are the fastes ways of buying eth?
error:"Will execute an unknown/unregistered method on the contract"
is there any way to convert your tokens into ethereum?
can't find the E Wallet on my pc
is there a nano wallet for ethereum?
 Is it true that Ethereum upgrade will be delayed this July, and will not have Eth phrase Zero until Jan/ 2020
can i get private key if download erherium wallet from payza?
how can i build a dapp for connectus.mx?
issue: synchronization of Ethereum wallet never ends and account balance is zero
how can i use web3.call() and mine at the blockchain using jsoprpc
how to create own crypto?
how to develop a smart contract in ethereum?
where to get viper support for viper?
is there any project running from ethereum.org site like Ethereum Project Official?
how to invest in ethereum from india?
how to assign a token to an existing webpage using ethereum?
how to connect ETH wallet to Exchange Platform via api?
getting conflicting package error when installing cpp-ethereum on ubuntu 14.04  
What is the significance of Nov 1 date?
peoples bank-china-declares-icos-illegal
is there a limit to ethereum like bitcoin 21 millions?
does anyone use the official Ethereum Wallet at all?
is Etherium Metropolis going to result in a new coin this month?
how to get API's to generate new ether address for eth wallet?
when I try to do token transfer or creation getting Error: Exceeds block gas limit ever since using vitaliks fix
how to exchange ethereum into dollars such as use Kraken or Coinbase?
any interesting sites to visit in the mist browser to mine SIA? 
any one here can work on a smart contract POC?
Ethereum balance is still 0.00 when made a deposit from Luno a Bitcoin wallet to Etheruem using the MacOS application
The solidity compiler in the current Ethereum Wallet is version 0.4.11?
why are tokens needed for a blockchain company?
where can i buy ethereum£¿
error while running security import MyPrivateKey.p12
installing truffle via npm install -g truffle works  but truffle unbox react it fails
 problem about creating a wallet
have about 99% progress and it can't catch up the lasts blocks in block 4,891,986 of 4,892,236
my Ethereum wallet no longer works
contracts cannot listen to events and the function withdraw in ECR20
how can i join and make payments for this particular ico?
what makes this new "fork" different from the previous fork of July of 2016?
how to create account with ropsten testnet?
where is safer to store ether? ethereum wallet or jaxx?
transaction keeps making confirmation but never arrives at my address at the Exchange
where do I start to learn about ETH?
unable to access OTn tokens on ethereum wallet or mist
can i buy from philippines?
what is the best way to store a token by myetherwallet?  
how can i extend my rinkeby test token and make it real?
how to connect to my node with the wallet that the external machine has unconvertable
what is the best way to buy ethereum right now?
where to buy ethereum?
how to transfer ether to another wallet?
how to buy a small amount of ethereum
10,000 ETH to celebrate the Ethereum 2.0 Pre-Release
how can i edit a wallet key on ethereum.org?
how to wirhdraw ethereum in mist wallet?
how to regain the ETH that I sent the wrong ?
why testnet name was called `MORDEN` and now `ROPSTEN`?
 download the Ethereum Wallet (Mist) for Mac OS X but have no idea where Ether is
how can i create an etherium wallet?
what is connection between ethereum and ethtrade.org?
is there a way to speed up the block chain download for osx?
how much ethereum does it need to create and sustain a token?
is there a safe way to buy ethereum?
how to access my ethereum wallets?
what is the link for downloadin ether wallet?
how can i start mining ethereum on win 64 with AMD graphic card?
what is the best way to develop over ethereum?
how to set timeline on sell and buy ERC20 tokens?
cap the net wait until cpu is free, make the tx, enable net again
what do you think about the current situation of the Etherium?
how can i get save ethereum from instadapp?
how to store my etherwallet on a USB stick in my safe?
why testnet is named 'ropsten'and 'rinkeby'
will Ethereum node synchronization loses progress if i close the window?
is ethereum like a decentilized github?
i want know about gether convert ethereum.
where can i buy ethereum stock in USA?
how much is 0.05 eth in us dollar?
how to transfer ethereum to paypal?
how would ethereum work with distributive clauses from a will or trust?
 ETH withrawl not working and etherscan.io not shows any information
how to see my ether funds in erherwallet account?
where the ethereum will stored?
how to promote a web with smart contract?
how to transfer monetha from ether walet to ether delta?
what is the size of blockchain if i download wallet on ly locla?
can ethereum assisted icos still be used for crowdfunding?
what Ethereum is and how it works?
is there any documentation for a miner app like claymore or others?
can.eth domains work like normal dns?
why is my ether taking over 9 hours to exchange to btw and how to fix it?
where can i purchase eth coin without any extra fee?
why my geth in centos cost so many memory?
how to build a mobile application using ethereum?
what tools  i can use mine ethereum like ethermine.org£¿
how can i mass distribute the tokens to investors instead of 1-1?
how to cancel a transaction?
who have a working link for the ethminer exe?
ethereum wallet not reflected on my wallet
who has experience in setting up and developing website & business? 
is there any app to get alert for price change in ETHEXINDIA website?
how to connect web3.js and HTML page to interact with contract in testnet?
who knows about the Ethereum Hard Fork split a week or two ago, or was that not true?
why 780 gtx only 1 Mh/s when mining£¿
why cant not move my minereum tokens?
is it possible to kopen ethereum by Paypal?
could makeing a private key based on DNA encryption fix social security numbers problem?
error message in ethminer:https://pastebin.com/YV8hFm4E
 problems with transaction:https://etherscan.io/tx/0x904d0255207462be66c0982ce7460c82dc472b256ad78cf5678f43c19f1b43f5
how to get 1 bitcoin? 
how is ethereal different than other crypto currencies?
how to buy ethereum units or tokens?
how to integrate ETH payment into my website?
ethereum which was transfered into ethereum classis never went throw from bitstamp to cryptopia exchange
getting a json-rpc error when trying to mine with nvid card and other ways
syncing my latest mac os ethereum wallet and it is stuck at block 2,334,74
wallet is not checked in ether square account
how can i use ethereum to create an account on testnet?
problems with transfer eths from freewallet to a address another platform
Does anyone suggest me which platform to use for etherum ?
is there a gitter channel about Ethereum in spanish?
what is the best ethereum miner for ios?
how is it different functionally to end-users?
how to get wallet and execute the code for create token?
how can i hold ethereum for long time?
who knows ethereal-wallet.info about locking out of a new wallet?
what is Ethereum.exe for minig? is it safe?
how to convert ether to erc20 in metropolis?
can not run 'geth' while 'geth' is already running
do i always need to sync before checking my account balance?
is there a way to compile bytecode to LLVM IR?
my ETH, Hydro and Oyster Shell tokens have been stolen fromm my wallet
How can I start mining Ether ?
when does Metropiolis launch?
how to get ETH on 0.5.2 wallet?
Mist wallet freezes (got the latest version) due to the Dao being watched
how to check balance in linux ubuntu?
anyone have knowlegde of trading bots out there?
how to trade ether in rinkeby testnet?
is it correct to have same symbol for multiple organisations in ethereum wallet?
Are there any beginner projects /courses I can do to start developing with ethereum?
what is the best way to create a wallet?
issues:with mist lately like freezing etc.
is it supposed to take so long to load ethereum blocks?
can i create an account with the address i used to send it to?
why is etherium dropping this day?
what the easiest way for my users to send USD to account and receive  token?
someone stole my ethereum and tokens while pretending to help me track my transactions
where can i find eth roadmap?
what's the probability that etherscan will reach $10k?
is there a way to retrieve my brother's ethers from another exchange?
what is the Block Chain?
how to restore and account beside meta mask that was deleted by accident with etheurem
how to change fallback function  to avoid this error£¿£¨https£º//imgur.com/a/M71RH
how to setup Ethereum production environment?
how to create a single wallet?
how to open account with ethereum?
is this a channel for buying or selling anything?
how to get the status of the replacement icon?
my ethereum wallet sync pedning 2 days by now!
how can i interact with third party API from ethereum smart contracts?
i need help installing the ether wallet in ubuntu
how can i connect to a github repo?
is there a way to check up on an old BTC to ETH transaction?
how can i use smart contract to send ethereum?
how can i get a free ethereum wallet?
how long does it take for the walle to sync?
how do i get a private key use the security code¡¢user id and wallet address?
unable to transfer balance because signature is required and it not my account password
how can i buy the etherenum?
when will there be an ethereum browser?
i lost my private key. what can i do. 
how does 'Ethereum-Wallet' connect to 'Test '?
how can i send ether to my ledger?
how do i change my LTC to BTC within poloniex?
what tools do i need to download and what language should i use to make a project using Blockchain Technology?
i bought some etherum from original etherum site 2 days ago but i still don't have money
how to get ethereum account?
Have i any possibility to get my money which sent to an ICO called Ethereum Key  back?
Is FPGA mining available for ethereum yet?
ethereum which was transfered into ethereum classis never went throw from bitstamp to cryptopia exchange still never showed
How to resolve the problem:every time ethereum wallet starts from 4370000. 
The administration of this site claims that it is officially your partner.
can i use etherium as storage?
what is the best way to hold ethereum when it goes to POS?
is there any workarounds for password not working on presale ipo.json wallet import to new mist wallet
mist wallet sends tokens to wrong address 0x000000000000000000000000
why there is a spike of gasprice in Dec.8.2016?
how can i get a etherum mobile wallet in Android from Nigeria?
how to best update Win wallett from 0-5-1 to 0-5-2 quickly and safely to Homestead?
how do i access my ethererum wallet?
how to earn money and how can i receive tokens from ICOs?
what is the current known state height for the Ethereum blockchain?
are there any docs on how to use ethereum on windows 10?
what are the  cheaper transactions costs than a blockchain?
what is the difference between the Ethereum Wallet & the Mist Wallet?
any article that explains the flexibility and use cases of smart contracts beyond what is found on
where to buy ethereum and how to sale my products through ETH?
why not DAYS in prison be the token?
where is the description of the functions and required packages for pyethereum?
i am a trillionaire and i want to murder everyone that took credit for everything
is there a way to set a password for my Dashlane account?
how to find the new network hashrate and block reward average with uncles included?
how hardfork undo if money is stuck on a contract?
when you fisrt installed Ethereum Wallet? and how much time you left it syncing?
How can I make a wallet and where can i buy ethereum?
getting  out of gas error when trying to send ether between my wallet.
how do i contact the ethereum.org staff?
how to import my UTC file in mytherwallet?
how do i get the extrabalance back on my THEDAO tokens?
getting hex string error when importing the whole string
how can i get this EHT coin?
how to  use ethereum's blockchain as a starting point.
downloaded the Ethereum on iMac Wallet  but still can't create the Basic wallet
whyt sync takes 3-4 hours for 3000blocks after being offline overnight.
 Any update on the frozen ETC? 
what is the minimum amount to invest - ethereum?
what next when I downloaded ethereum wallet from this website.
how to set up a private net and start playing around with smart contracts?
when will there be an ethereum browser?
is there a secure place to buy ethereum in the u.s.
how many people have coded ethereum and then walked away?
who knows an ethereum wallet for iphone? 
how to send ether from a house of change to the account of mist?
ethereum wallet vs parity wallet : which is the best?
can someone help me if i want to start mining ether?
how can i cancel a transaction pending since november 7?
why are people sending me easter tokens?
how much money do i need to invest in ethereum?
should I download ethreum classic wallet from git hub?
how to get wallet?and how to execute the code for create token
is your coinbase balanced decreased? does transaction show on ertherscan?
are paper wallets a good and safe idea? 
what do you think about the current situation of Etherium?
how to get ether in testnet network using ethereum wallet in osx.
is there a reason ethereum wallet can not be mined?
how can i get eth from https://exmo.com website to keep their ETH?
is there a way to change the folder for the blockchain?
insufficient funds. The account you tried to send transaction from does not have enough funds.
is anyone familiar with smart contract trading using ethereum?
how to transfer funds from ethermine.org to my etherwallet account?
what is the involvement of the Bank of Amercia in this project?
convert to btc first then usd
Can I create a password to protect the application when I install etherium wallet in "waits of the blocks".
how to use approve and msg.sender operations
what is the best option for new ethereum wallet in ipad?
how can i get info about crypto currency? 
what's the conversion from h/s to MH/s? 
how can i send my own ERC20 token on MetaMask to another wallet use ETH account for transactions?
is there a developer for ETH?
how to register ethereum?
is it possible to send certain amount of ethereum to coin owners?
can not open a wallet because it's not from an "identified developer"
i want to know about the new changes on the plattform how are transactions now feed
is it still profitable to mine ether?
why is bitcoin more valuable than ethereum?
how to get a block in nanopool?
does marketing team write software? 
sent eth from coin exchange to poloniex but trx out of gas.
miner.start(* ) is not working on my ethereum Wallet
how can i get back my ether?
can i run the application while downloading ethereum homestead?
what is the best way to setup on windows 10 on adobe?
what should be the level of my wallet holding to earn something like 2 eths a month?
where to find the chaindata folder? 
why are all these transactions pending?
is there a requirement to install geth for smart contract deployment on main network?
is there any place like http://localbitcoins.com but for ETH
how can i get a master password of alethone or aletzero
 Is it possible to list all transactions for one account with json-rpc without setting a newTransactionsFilter?
how to send same number of tokens to multiple eth addresses?
does kraken require personal details like email and stuff?
is there a single use address feature for the ethereum blockchain?
my wallet does not sync and I sent coins from poloniex to my wallet
which website i should buy coin?
how can i invest in ethereum until i can start mining myself?
does ethereum Wallet support getaccountaddress with Account Parameter?
how exactly do you mine ethereum?
is there any ether official api?
how to transfer ethers from one exchange to another when mad a mistake with typing the wallet address?
unable to sync after fork  because the error:Bad block #1150000
why do you need to invest in ethereum rather than Bitcoins?
is there a link to images / collateral ethereum?
is there a process for frothing fraudulent eth wallets?
how to start mining on apexusman11_twitter?
how can i transfer from bitcoin to an ethereum wallet when transfer went through completely, but there's nothing showing in my account / wallet?
can i have an ethereum wallet with my android phone?
can i have multiply addresses like recipients in eth 1 transaction?
Wallet meter is filling up slowly - any documentation or layman's version
how do i log into my ethereum account?
any societies in London for blockchain and cryptocurrencies where you can meet people in-person?
how can i create a crowdsale process following the tutorial but the code are not comiling
how to register with the best ethereum Wallet provider here in South Africa?
i want to be a blockchain developer, can anyone suggest good place to start from
how to integrate existing coin with ether smart contracts?
how to run geth with ethereum and submit docs.
made ethe wallet before DAO got hacking, but now wallet can not open
eth doesn't show up on my wallet
Have i any possibility to get my money which sent to an ICO called Ethereum Key back
how to reclaim my ethereum coins after a cross chain deposit?
how can i verify my etherscan contract?
how this whole etherum or bitcoin thing works?
when I hit test it is preventing me for sending etherium to aeternity i get 7 errors
can anyone please suggest a good documentation for compiling and deploying smart contract through compiler ? 
can i do a smart contract chain that references itself. on eth?
is it a good time to buy or wait until it drops a little?
how do i access an ether wallet that only has an adress and private key?
why do you need ethereum?
how to create a public blockchain?
how can i open an ether wallet?
how long will i be mining the block chain with gpu at 18MH?
how can i create an account on tselitsky?
is it worth having dapps and smart contracts installed in the same UI?
can i build a social network on Ethereum without a backend server?
Someone knows a website where I can see how I can handle my transaction automatically.
how to generate a bitcon address using nodejs and ethereum.
how to create an asset based cryptocurrency on ethereum?
error:The contract code could not be stored, please check your gas amount
when i downloaded Homebrew, installed the mist wallet and Ethereum network and then type 'geth'on Mac I get 9 error
how can i check an eth address is validate?
how can i mine ethereum with a CPU or GPU?
can SmartContracts update a saved value (savec in the blockchain)?
is there any API available to convert amount of ether to corresponding USD?
how can i get API's to generate new ether address?
is there a way for me to contact the best crypto programmer in the world?
can i use the antminer s7?
is there a channel dedicated to ENS?
the way the marketing-peoples handle-well their job
how to start mining ethereum?
how do i start my account?
how do i verify token on etherscan i already verified code?
how do smart-contracts run?
r9 380 gpu is not working.
how to troubleshoot a white screen in mist browser?
how can i use the ethereum logo in my cutom design for a t-shirt?
how to form the data field in ethereumjs for creating raw transactions?
why did you put my seed words on Infura?
i want to buy Ether, how can i do it?
is there a way to become a Sovereign Citizen?
how to use metamask or coinomi on android?
can i download the ethereum client from the ethereum website?
what is the easiest source for learning the Etherium subject (with an easy language for beginers)?
is there any way to check balances and make shipments token from any online wallet?
how does ethereum expand on Bitcoin's weaknesses?
Shifty - unable to view deposit address in order to receive ethererum
is there a limit on the amount of ethereum that can be produced?
is it possible to build a thin client in ethereum?
how can i buy ethereum by visa credit card with low comission?
do i have to do a new download or can I buy Ether now?
please help to food of Ukraine 0x7f535A871920F40
is there a way to recover eth sent to a wrong address?
how to create many wallets for customers of business center automatically?
what kind of applications are possible to build with Ethereum?
how many days ethreum will take to get atlest 1 ether?
how to start a project use ethereum in the food industry?
which mist file in the zip pack puts the wallet on my computer.
how can i delete a smart contract? 
is there a way for a token buyer to receive a return on investment?
where to manage ethereum wallet online?
install smart contract - is there any function called in the receiving smart contract?
is there a console-only app/wallet for ethereum clients?
what is the best wallet for ethereum? and where to buy/sell them?
why are tokens needed for a blockchain company?
Can anybody tell me some companies/project, which allow me register a company on their platform/server, and provide highlevel (js) libraries to get ETH apps going?
can you help me to learn more about ethereum?
 how can i buy etherum?
is there a list of enodes to connect to miners directly in when running a geth node?
how to test eth network on robsten?
do i need the mist wallet or can i access it via another wallet
how do i ethher mine on my mac os?
is there a channel to meet other devs and start a private on ethereum?
where do you recommend newcomers to Ethereum (and blockchain) to start their learning experience?
is there a way to know the ethereum wallet address?
please tell me the application of the blockchain system for the trading platform 
how to connect to eth with cpp version of ethereum?
how can i become a validator for pos?
how to buy coing?
can CRAETE transfer funds to a newly created contract?
how can i buy ETH?
how to open ether account?
can ethereum be used as a proptech in java?
can i create my own website with ethereum for bitcoin transaction?
what is the difference between sending a political e-mail and a pamphlet
etherscan does not find a withdrawal with tx id  when i got the confirmation with an tx id.
sent some ether to my ether wallet but it never showed up in my wallet
what Andreas Antonopoulos on youtube signup to his channels£¿
how are transactions now feed on ethereum?
error! Invalid constructor arguments provided. Please verify that they are in ABI-en
whats ethereum total supply?
can someone help me get my ETH back from coinbase?
how do i free up memory when i uninstalled eth wallet
who can give me an example of a contract transaction? 
where is my current running mist.exe on my computer?
how much impact does solc optimiser have on gas costs?
Will this hardfork implementation make ethereum safer?what is the pros and cons?
i sent eth to my wallet but it doesn't reach over 96%
error:no data is deployed on the contract address when deploy a tutorial contract on testnet with via ethereum wallet with max fees£¿
where is the best website that can show up to date technology that can use to min coins
how to practice/get good at blockchain tech?
how to get my ETH back?
can I add more functions? like C and D.
What is the blockchain storage size at right now?50gb? 
who can suggest a good documentation for compiling and deploying smart contract through compiler?TIA
how to determine if your cient participated in the hardfork with geth1.7.2 and mist 1.9.2?
why it is not show when see to my ethereum wallet from ico token 
what is the type of algorithm used by the ethereum in blockchain?
when I close the console, the node does not run in the background anymore
why can not i transit etc from ledger to bittrex ?
how can i use Ethereum to crowdfund our web app development with an internal currency used only verfied members.
what are the eth copyright/trademark rules for printing stickers, hats£¬etc£¿
how to transfer ethereum from coinbase to my ethereum wallet?
continue receiving error when trying to transfer funds about ethereum wallet
how can i get contract state variables by web3js. 
my transaction is not come my wallet 
what is the purpose of a crytpo wallet and how to use it?
any good source to learn about Etherium and ERC20 standard subcoins
how to check pending transactions of an ethereum address and do transaction with JA
how to mine against a pool with nvidia gtx 1060 6GB on win10
how to buy etereum coin and keep without change like bit coin or one coin
how to access your ether while keeping your ETH safe?
how can we buy ethereum from credit/debit card in India?
how to transfer eth from bistamp to my wallet with smart contract?
can someone with indept of how ethereum works help £¿
keep getting  failed to load releases
how does one backup the wallet? 
how can i make a ethereum paper wallet?
how learn Solidity?
how to make sport bet web site with special coin 
are there other online ways to buy ether?
where is the best place to buy ethereum?
what will happen when proof of work goes away in ethereum?
Has any work been done regarding Vitalik's idea of charity 'stickers'?
how to transfer multiple tokens to a single transaction?
is there a reason switching to PoS affects an app like etherium?
how to create a coin using ERC20 token?
Does it have a faster way to download the entire blockchain?
how to know which token i got authorized to spend?
best solution for managing login data, enabling new users etc (admin )
is there any other way to earn btc other than minin£¿
how does self-sovereign identity work in the blockchain?
why is my ethereum wallet empty after 14 days whne I sent the btc required during setup of the Ethereum Wallet?
how to build a crypto based website £¿
how to properly process bids and reveal bids for ENS?
how can i get $ 10 free in my bitcoin account?
is it still profitable to mine solo or will i lose any chance to mine any block?
ethereum wallet does not syncing but I want to send some eth to exchange
how do i verify a token on etherscan?
how to create an app with decentralized repositories in solidity?
what is ethereum and how do i use it?
what is email support for etherium?  foundation please?
how can i recover my ethereum wallet from my laptop?
is it normal that sent 17.47 ETH but does not reach my wallet?
how to update information about the contract in etherscan (links, information about
is it possible to implement sharding in my ethereum project?
is there any plans for the mist app to support the 12 word backup phrases?
is there a chance that PoS will be a part of Metropolis?
how to use ethereum and how does it work?
what is the correct channel for suggestions on the documentation initiative?
my eth still not received after 27 hours long wait 
what do the ethereum apps run?
how can i get eth?
etherzero is a scam? where to buy or sell ethereum?
when's that hard fork huh? Do I get free money like with BCH?
which wallet is the most safe and beginner friendly to buyome ethereums
is there a reason why ethereum is not public and shared?
Who can link me to a POS contract explanation?
What can I do when etherscan does not find a withdrawal with tx id.
is there a good ethereum demo available for local blockchain which include the UI to send and received data?
what is the total supply of ether for ethereum?
How to invest and make capitalitation with the criptocurrency?
how to calculate next contract address in ethereum?
where can i show my wallet id? 
how do i get in touch with the ethereum team?
how to mine ethereum within the 'test-net' environment on mac?
is it possible to replay all transactions from the genesis state to the current block in e
is there any way to get my wrong sended eth?
is there a quick way to sync my testnet ethers?
how to check how much sync left after downloading eth 0.8.8 wallet?
how can i sign in with my own oeiginal coin?
how can i open the ethereum wallet?
is it possible to sell tokens during a ico with different price based on USD£¿
I joined projectethereum several Months back but it did not work.
why does etherbase disappear when i send ether to my main account etherbase
why is mist still on version 0.8.8 after downloading 0.8.10?
how long does it take to get 1 confirmation when sending some ETH?
how can i recover my possword?
how can i get in touch with ethereum's CMO?
i want to know whisper project on ethereum, how is it doing?
what is the best source code for ethereum to run over an api?
how to implement Sharding in ethereum with a small example or anything?
do you know PETRO?
is it possible to send secure bitmessage with ethereum blockchain?
how start mining on unused linux vps with 8 core and 4gb ram£¿
any suggestions for faucets like rinkeby.io?
is there a way to use ethereum without UDP or incoming TCP?
how to make woocomerce pay with CWBY tokens?
how can i get my TheDAO back?
Whow knows something about the new Nvidia GX 1060 special made for mining?
I want to send some eth to exchange but ethereum wallet is not syncing.
has anyone tried mining with a nvidia GTX1080? 
how to revert transaction when i lost or stolen funds. 
why was it sent as a contract? its not showing in my wallet(0xa2f3ae78e5643a0c02a14d1f073dfe7c52182c1c).
is it possible to create a game to save NFTS and turn it into any geometric chape£¿
how can i use web3.call() to mine at the blockchain using jsoprpc.
how can i create a own business wallet for users and charge them without any limitation?
mywallets does not show anything
what is the best website to see most recent mined blocks?
how to check if ethereum wallet is clasic or new one?
i regret not joining a few b-list ICOs last year.
is there a way to get a real asset token at an affordable price?
how much RAM is recommended for wallet and node?Ethereal Wallet keeps crashing or geth?
is there a way to develop dapp without truffle using angular4 for UI.
what is the best way to creat a verified wallet?
how is holding ethereum profitable in the long run?
